>> Shirley Wu: Let's talk about
based on some of these things.
I think we already have some
things we're interested in, so
let's kind of together
list out the questions.
And let's just throw out some questions
and then maybe after we throw them
out we can like prioritize them in
terms of which one to explore first.
And so let's write down some of the ones
that have already been talked about.
And so I think one of them was comparing
between like Metacritic versus
Rotton Tomatoes versus IMDB ratings.
I think what another one was
the combination of directors,
writers, and
actors versus the box office figures.
And then I think we talked
a little bit about the difference
between like,
>> Shirley Wu: DVD, so
the release date, some movie release date,
>> Shirley Wu: Versus DVD release date.
What were some of the other ones
that you were talking about or
that have stuck out, ones we were
talking about, the attributes?
Sorry, I just realized that we
were doing a lot of versus.
So I also want to encourage
just question formats.
So instead of just versus,
kind of if that was the case,
how can we turn that into a data question?
So, instead of saying versus,
is that like-
>> Speaker 2: Does it correlate,
do you have,
if you see certain number type of words,
does that correlate with
a higher metascore?
>> Shirley Wu: So-
>> Speaker 2: Even just look at wins
alone, right?
>> Shirley Wu: Yeah, or-
>> [CROSSTALK]
>> Speaker 2: Do the number of wins
correlate with even just
Rotten Tomatoes or something, right?
>> Shirley Wu: Yeah, absolutely.
Okay.
>> Speaker 2: I like that as a simple,
that's a really good one.
>> Shirley Wu: So basically,
is there any relationship between
the number of wins and
how popular or
well rated it is by the general public?
Something along those lines.
I kind of think for those first few I
was doing them to be more shorthand.
But in general, I would kind of
encourage putting your questions as a,
if this exploration turned out well,
is this a hypothesis?
Can this be like the title of your
visualization kind of the the theme to
build the visualization around?
So I think yeah then if
that turns out well then
there's a relationship
between Academy Awards and
the popularity of a movie or
something like that.
>> Speaker 2: How about the relationship
between popularity to genre over time?
>> Shirley Wu: Okay.
>> Speaker 2: So you could see people
are preferring comedies these days
versus horror movies.
>> Shirley Wu: Do people prefer-
>> Speaker 2: Times of the year and.
>> Shirley Wu: Yeah,
let's go in that direction.
>> Speaker 2: Or it could be by month,
or it could be just by year.
>> Shirley Wu: Yeah, wait, let's-
>> Speaker 2: You could say like over time
people are preferring these.
Or there's a slew of really great
horror movies that were really
just between these dates.
>> Shirley Wu: Yeah.
>> Speaker 2: Really great comedy
movies released between these dates.
>> Shirley Wu: Yes,
I love this thought process.
So basically kind of you
have these hypotheses, and
that, I call them questions or
hypothesis, but
you have these hypotheses that
you want to test with the data.
And so I think there was really
a few different great ones in there.
I think there was, are there genres we
prefer more now than we did a decade ago?
So let's try that.
Are there genres we prefer more
now than a decade earlier?
There was also,
I think the two of you were mentioning,
do certain months have particular
genres that are more popular?
So do certain months have
So the reason why I wanted to get
away a little bit from versus,
the versus is very correlations,
which is a really great thing to look at.
But there's definietly other
kind of analysis we can do, so
this temporal direction is really great.
Yeah, so how do you feel about this?
Is there other ones you want to
brainstorm and put out there?
>> Speaker 2: Online there's a few.
Which production company
makes more in the box office?
>> Shirley Wu: Ooh, that's a good one!
Which production companies
make more in the box office?
How about which ones get the best ratings?
That might be interesting, too.